  1. I think its important that html is an open standard controlled by a specification because if it was owned by a peson or company it would most likely follow a different set of rules and may not allow it to be public. Companies could make html cost money and change the properties of how it was initially designed. HTML being an open standard allows it to have the availability and transparency as it does today. Usually companies do a good amount of maintenance on their products which would be adding or changing elements or attributes and the intitial properties. HTMl is specifically designed to be a free and public source because it can help people in so many ways such as creating websites, new businesses and helping to write certain pages. 
  
  2. Elements and tags are different because elements are used to display something in code such as text on a webpage, a tag is when a element begins or ends. An element would look like this: < p class="halt">You have committed crimes against skyrim and her people!< /p >. The tags you can notice are at the beginning and at the end. For this example the beginning tag is from <p to "halt">, the ending tag is just < /p >. The first tag contains a value and an attribute. So, a tag is the basic foundation for building an element, while an element is a piece of a website.

  3. The Yoda quote showed us how Yoda would speak in semantics, which is something we can understand but would word differently to make the statement more clear. With semantics, we are focusing on the meanings of the tags or elements instead of what they do or state. It shows that html is more open or free for creation in some sorts, which I believe the Noam Chomsky quote sheds some light on that also. These quotes relate to the html that we are currently working on because we are purely focusing on the text itself and the meaning behind it instead of focusing on css or the style of our webpages. This allows us to be more free with the code we are writing and gives us more ideas of what to put in or code next.
