 1. My favorite css property so far would have to be background. I prefer background over most of the other properties because it is less complex and it controls the color, size and image of the background. I like the standard background property because you can do background: purple; to make it have the color of purple instead of typing out background-color: purple;. I think that background is also nice because it is basically the foundation for its related properties. 

 2. If I were making a website or online menu for a restaurant and all of the menu options have the same elements, I would most likely use #id menu. I would have each option have its own id and each topic such as vegetarian, spicy or gluten-free be the descendent. I would use this line so that the restaurant menu itself is <div class "Menu">, then i would put the topic <"spicy">, after putting the topic in, I would put the option of food inside that element <"Taco">, then I would close the statement using <"spicy">. I would then continue doing this with each topic and labeling each one of their food items.
  
 3.  In css as far as my knowledge goes, rules matter. I have ran into a few problems where I set the same property with different colors or sizes without realizing however it seems as if the script always chooses to run the line that is farther below. Inheritance is about each properties initial value based on the "parent" or "mentor" element being inherited by some but not all properties. This causes the some of the properties to not run as they should or make the elements work with different behavior. The main values of inheritance are initial and inherit which is nice to have listed as what they are because each meaning or definition of them make sense. If a rule is more specific than other rules, it has a higher specificity. So basically it is focused on the matching rules while also focusing on which rule is more or less specific and calculating from there.
