  1. Since the tools and techniques for web developing are changing all the time, I can look up the newer commands for different tools and try to see which certain pathways I would need to take. There are a great amount of guides on the internet that I could look through and try to practice, You also could look at different online forums to see what other people. Youtube also has walk-throughs that you could watch and take notes. I personally can't register things I read online as fast as a lot of people, generally because it is a new subject and I'm not the fastest at learning things. Listening to quite a few videos on certain topics such as Javascript coding can help.
  
  2. Personally when I used floats, You have to be very careful when using them because they could become very inconsistent and make your webpage look bad. From what I have seen while using floats and from reading the guides and articles, floats have to be cleared to keep a page consistent and not have objects thrown everywhere on your screen. When I have a float and I try to add a border and put more information in, I have to find different ways to change the width or height of it. I've ran into a few bugs when making webpages with floats because sometimes the text or padding go off of the edge of the box I had. If I remember correctly one of the articles we read said something about the float pulling the element out of the normal flow of the webpage. 

  3. A property that would affect the main axis of the flexbox would be flex-shrink, this property affects the size of the flex item relative to the other items in the box when the free space is represented. Flex-shrink being positive allows the items to not overflow and 0 would make the items overflow. If the shrink value is set to one or a positive number, then the items would all fit in the box because they are made smaller. The larger items would also be reduced along with the other items because of the default base size. You also have to watch how much you shrink an item to make it seem reasonable in order to have everything fit into a container.
