CSET 105
1. The most important pieces of information that I have learned this week are mainly based on Binary. I chose binary to be the most important thing I learned so far because it is the base of most coding and you use it in almost all programming languages. Computers operate in binary by performing calculations and storing data using only ones and zeros. All of the digits in binary are referred to as bits and represent true and false in boonlean logic. Binary numbers are important because they simplify the design of computers better than the decimal system. An example of the Binary number system would be 100101 which would actually be the decimal number 37. I believe this subject to be the most important thing I learned because it truly guides you through the basics of programming.

2. All programming languages high or low level have there on way of working through functions such as some may be purposely set to be flexible to all values and types such as JavaScript. Other languages are purely focused on specific functions or types. Programming oriented around objects have three main principles known as abstraction, encapsulation and inheritance. Abstraction is a process in which a programmer hides everything except for the relevant data about an object to reduce complexity and increase efficiency. High and low level languages use abstraction to make things more simple, however it may become frustrating. Making smoothies with a blender is a good example of abstraction. You need to know how to use your blender to make smoothies. You need to provide water or milk and fruit, switch it on and select the type of blend you want the smoothie to be. 

3. Javascript was designed to be flexible with values and types which means it has a wide variety of what it can do. The main benefits or I guess pros would be that it allows you to have more freedom when making your own code. Javascript runs faster than other programming languages and is less complex than Python or other high-level languages. It seems to allow you to make functions work and be able to run the code, however, sometimes you don't understand why the code or function actually worked. Javascript is nice to use when it comes to making loops or boolean values. The flexibility can also become a burden or a real pain. During my time of making code, finding the correct variables to use is quite hard judging by how many of them may work. The problem with this is that it may work at first but later on it may not work like other functions would. I've had this problem occur quite a bit when writing scripts. The other problem I found in my time of writing scripts is that Javascript accepts almost all of my programs that I put into it that I don't really want to work or even know would work.
