1. After these two weeks my biggest problem will mostly be trying to shorten my code into a small amount and get it to run without flaws. I ran into these problems while trying to complete the chessboard practice the most amount of times because I tried to use columns and rows as variables to put each hashtag in the right places to mimic how you would write it on a piece of paper. This ended up proving to be a very hard thing to do, I managed to write enough in my code to make it work however it had unlimited loops instead of just a few that I would need. I also could not figure out how to make it stop looping and I couldn't get it to stay in the range I wanted it to be in. The ways I could overcome this is by learning more on how to perfect loops and ranges to try to fix my problems early so my code dosen't become unresolvable by the end.

2. A for loop is whenever you know how many times you want to run the loop. I have used these quite a bit when making number codes such as making the computer count from 1-100 in a loop. The while loop I believe is a loop that runs only on statements being true, I'm also quite certain it breaks or quits working if your conditions become false. The do/while loop I have not used much so I don't have relatively any experience with it, however accoring the eloquent javascript book, it states that the loop only runs one time and then it checks to see if it should keep running. So in my understanding a for loop is when you know what you want it do to, a while loop runs on true statements and a do/while loop run on one loop and then checks to see if it keeps going.

3. Writing in both english pseudocode and translating it to javascript is very important to figure out how to write code or think of new ways of how to write it. When I first started trying out javascript I was only thinking about how I would write it in code and basing my knowledge off of what errors the solutions would give me. However, if you write out and design your program on paper then you know exactly what you are looking for while typing your code in the console. This would help by a tremendous amount because you could focus on certain statements or functions that you know will work for what you specifically want. I personally tried this when trying to write the looping triangle and chessboard practice problems. I ended up getting my triangle to work because I knew what I wanted it to look like. I did not finish my chessboard however because I could not determine how to stop a loop from being infinite. Thinking back I probably should have tried a different type of loop. However, it is better to make the mistakes and learn from them instead of just focusing on avoiding problems or complications.
